Oh allograft mr. Ross in 1990 here and
it's going to be a video on my best
packs so far fifa 14 ultimate team since
some of them are going to be on the web
app as you can see this time packet
which actually the first pack I opened
if you watch my first ever pack opening
this was literally the first pack I
opened on the web app with microsoft
points or whatever and I got informed
Joe which is quite good i'm just gonna
roll through them all in the background
to then talk a little bit about them etc
i thought i'd put this video together
hoping a fair ton of packs now sometimes
i haven't recorded so obviously i've got
players like informed coke and people
like that who I obviously account put in
this video because I wasn't recording at
the time I got them in a packet was just
a spare the moment thing open impact i
thought i'd show this instead of doing
like a pack opening so you can see some
of the types of players I've been
getting impact it's obviously like I
said this on the web app got nany
previously got Cavani in that pack
pretty early on I've kept most of them
to be honest because I want to be kind
of doing a lot of Scott builders this
year and I've already got them have
already got the loyalty feeling on them
said of me selling them now I probably
end up using something like to come
Fanny I think I've still kept all of it
on probably shoulda saw them really
surprised only gonna drop but you know I
like to keep them players you've got you
know chagas silver here I picked up
javis over three times I've got one I've
kept them a clever sold 24 ATK each
which I feels a little bit low I feel as
if we probably go higher than that by 4
i'll rather cash in on them now instead
of takin up space in my trade pole which
could be you know potentially filled by
somebody's worth about the same price
again so it's worth standing at the time
but like I said I've pulled some very
good players this young extremely happy
that they're that's my biggest fall so
far and I'm so happy when it got that
one if you didn't know I already pulled
him then there it is I pulled him from
roys on the web app he's very rare i do
believe or not like exceptionally rare
that's quite a few people with did pull
him quite a few youtubers pulling him
actually but i was one of the lucky
people to do that he's worth quite a bit
but i'm expecting them to get a few more
informs this year so you probably get
downgraded or like you know his price
will probably go down quite a bit before
the end of fifa that's for sure but you
know he was a very good card to power of
a pack and I was extremely happy that I
got that one because see ass in this
pack as well again and I'm a phenomenal
Park I've Lina fact I've been so lucky
this year with packs but
I have you know I have bought a fair few
packs I've spent a lot of fifa coins
I've spent a lot of coins into opening
packs I'm a little bit of a pack addict
you know some people like their smoking
some people like their drugs a lot my
packs very strange like that but yo
Gotti's nav ass in this pack or he just
neva sort of the hell you want to call
him but we've we've been we've ridden
hell of a lucky it won't you guys leave
in the comments right now what is the
best card you've pulled so far mean the
game's been out fair few weeks now I'm
sure a few of you have definitely been
open in packs what is the best quality
of actually pop be truthful and also ran
out or anything I haven't pulled anybody
like that I haven't gone out a messy
bruh rebury you know all them types of
he was another inform I polled it is oh
I want to say his name what is it a
burden or something along those lines he
looks okay to be fair he's not the
slowest a player 0 69 pace still got em
in my club color butter informs up old
witch aren't in this video let's just
think pelay twice the absolute beast
pelio i did a squad builder and he's an
absolute animal I pulled him twice it's
obviously gonna be more packs a face but
before I'll just recap on some of the
best pacified up to this point which is
point is Sir currently the ninth or
tenth of October can't quite remember
what day time on when i'm recording this
but the vide will be live around that
time anyway but philipp lahm in that
pack didn't sell for a whole deal
actually finger did cash in on philipp
lahm but you know he's a very good right
back he's one of the highest rate backs
in the game if not he could I should be
I think he is the highest-rated right
back in the game actually saying that
now demaria so for actually quite a bit
i got a cash deal name quite early on
and he's sofa quite bitter can't
remember how much exactly a very good
card actually in game i've used him he's
a very good player because he's a
right-sided player with left foot which
i really like and i'm sure a lot of you
do like as well but you know these are
still on the web at me i got majority of
my best packs on the web app i'm not
gonna lie i might go back to the weather
this is one of my favorite packs as well
because it did actually get me check and
Hulk as well as awesome venga who also
sold at the time for free and a half
chaos and benga that was insane holger
kept old of fantastic player check you
know is he the highest very goalie in
the Premier League you think he might be
all or reese's up there as I can come
and which one's the highest but you know
he was worth a fair bit as well but
goalkeeper seem to be quite cheap this
year compared to last year we got key
leading that pack another extremely
cheap player
sidering how good he is he's like less
than 40k which is absolutely disgusting
this moment in time because he's so oh
peeing game because of his paces power
his height is heading ability etc he's
just an absolute animal in this pack
here we get leighton baines now these
are on the console and on apologies if
you can hear my voice a little bit kind
of like I've got cold coming through my
nose is all stuffy and my throats are in
a little bit so apologies if my voice is
a little bit strange right now and
apologies if I'm swallowing Oh halfway
through my speeches but it's because I'm
filled up with phlegm and all sorts of
crap at the moment by one of the daily
uploads I'm I'm hoping that you are
enjoying my channel at the moment I'm
trying to bring out videos at least once
a day maybe twice a day just to keep you
active just keep me active so I'm loving
youtube at the moment even though the
sub box a little bit shitty i'm still
loving the feedback you guys are giving
me and everything you've been absolutely
amazing subs over the past few weeks for
me i can't thank you enough for that but
something cuz all owners packing tevares
and the pack before that you know some
really good rated players and if you see
any of these people in these videos you
like to see me do a squat buzon i guess
i've kept the majority of them I've sold
a fair few as well so it's bev but both
Wayne Rooney in that pack of kept hold
of him because I am planning on doing a
squad around William rune I want to see
if he's any better than last year really
didn't like the guy last year but
there's a little bit down to his pace
but his pace isn't that bad to be fair a
76 plus it's not all about pace is here
as we probably all know by now strength
there's a massive factor and I'm sure
Wayne Rooney has got a little bit of
strength to him hey this pack we gave
village is actually the same like run of
past how many players are getting that
packs intense we get at sue who is
currently on loan from Chelsea but vidic
is another player doesn't sober a whole
deal but it's a very good player in game
he's got strength which is absolutely
crucial at the back this year we're
going to this pack we get chiellini
again that's like my second keeling i
think they ended up getting up for
killing he's an overall time but I've
showed two in there I probably wasn't
gonna do that I tell anyone I sure like
one of each of players that got a little
bit of a fail by me but chiellini we
just would give all the Keely knees be
over again it's packed Suarez now this
was just after I did the diamond effect
of Liverpool so I already had one in my
clubs like yeah baby will take another
Suarez actually end up storing him in my
club because then he gets a loyalty
bonus or whatever so we sell the other
one of me actually made a profit on that
one which is always nice to say making
profit a little bit of trade him from me
which is very diff
go at the moment I find it very hard to
trace apologies if you want to see
trading videos and they're not happening
on my channel cuz I'm find it's so
difficult to trade I'm trying sets are
big ass in that pack another player I've
kept old it looks like a really good
player using game this year hopefully I
do come across a squad builder which I
can put him in David Luiz I've polled
for David Luiz's I pulled free in a four
thousand six and remark soft 4615 sorry
pack opening which isn't that you know
that isn't that many packs to be
probably free Dalbir luis's and I think
they so for like 20 k plus h laurice
there yeas 84 so he's lower than check
and have forgot i poled him actually so
we're getting into some really good
players now potential for making little
premier league clubs where some of the
players i polled neighborhood because
although we've got lorries has never in
for my pole my queen Yas whatever he's
called as a recent that's one of my
recent informs up older like support him
i pulled another informant going to be
this pack here and i pulled pelay twice
the informs i got in that team of the
week anyway looking to get some more
involved hopefully in the next team of
the week which isn't coming out d da who
you know he's got the best he doesn't
sell for a whole deal but he's nice to
have us coming to the end of this video
now hopefully have enjoyed this on my
best part if you stuck around all this
time I respect you i love you so much
thank very much for watching see you can
say nah man i stay leave a like and bye
bye